Erica: Welcome home,
baby.
Ugh!
What is in here?
(slaps Ethan,
Ethan laughs)
What?
(muffled question)
Oh, okay. yeah.
Erica:
High five.
(grunts)
No way.
Ethan, you cannot
put that there.
What're you talking about?
Why can't I?
Because--
"Why can't I?"
It's a question
that never goes away.
Our whole lives are spent
chafing against the rules,
pushing back the boundaries,
trying to find a loophole.
Oh, come on,
the beanbag chair,
it's way too big
for the living room.
It's old
and it's falling apart--
Ethan:
It doesn't match the couch.
Judith:
"Mine" becomes "ours"
the second you cohabitate.
Learn to love
the beanbag.
Thank you, Kai,
that's very helpful.
Dave: Thank you.
(patrons applaud)
Thank you for
showing the love.
And now, here to charm you
with his dulcet tones,
goblins' own,
Kai Booker.
Patron:
Wooo-ooo!
(smattering of applause)
What're you doing?
I told you.
Come on.
Come on, everybody.
(patrons applaud)
Erica: Woo! Yeah!
Dave:
Right on, right on.
Wow! Did you know
he could sing?
No.
(clears throat)
(Kai strums the guitar)
♪ I know
what you're feeling ♪
♪ It's hard
to believe in ♪
♪ There home must
be millions and-- ♪
♪ Billions of
light years away ♪
♪ So let the stars align ♪
♪ Let the
water make wine ♪
♪ 'cause broken souls
will become whole tonight ♪
♪ Oh, tonight ♪
♪ You know
it's right so-- ♪
♪ Lift your eyes
and let me in ♪
♪ 'Cause, baby,
I'm an alien like you ♪
♪ Will you ever wake
at night and realize ♪
♪ The reason why
you knew me then ♪
♪ 'Cause, baby,
I'm an alien too ♪
♪ Will you ever
let me be ♪
♪ An alien-- ♪
♪ With you ♪
Woo-ooo! Yeah!
Thank you.
Erica:
Well, cheers.
(glasses clink)
I have to
get some air.
I'm just gonna tell Kai
how amazing he was, okay?
I'll be right back.
Oh. okay.
So--
You can sing.
You sing really well.
Kai: Thank you.
Erica: Kai,
it was incredible.
Why didn't you tell me
you're a musician?
Are you in a band?
You know, a barista by day,
rock star by night?
(laughs)
Okay, we can't
talk about therapy,
singing is
a non-starter.
Uh, what can
we talk about?
Latte art?
Fine, what do you
wanna know?
Anthony: --you start off
with the orange veggies.
You know, like squash,
carrots, sweet potato,
stuff like that.
It's like a system.
Great.
Hey, do you want me
to go get her?
Oh, um, no.
No, it's okay.
She'll be back soon.
What is the big deal about you
telling me your doctor's name?
There is no big deal,
I just don't wanna.
Oh my god,
you are so annoying.
Ha.
Well, my 15 minutes
has turned into 20.
I gotta
get back to work.
Erica: Of course
you do.
Honestly,
I don't understand
why everything has to be
such a secret with you?
Erica: Hey, guys,
what'd I miss?
Ethan: The entire evening,
apparently.
Judith: Um, how about
we go settle the bill?
Anthony: Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
You're mad.
You were gone
for 20 minutes.
So? I was just talking
to a friend.
Oh, you mean, Kai,
the 22-year-old barista?
Okay, wait a minute,
are you mad
because I was awol,
or because
I was talking to kai?
Well, Ethan,
what do you want me to do,
just not be his friend?
That'd be a good start.
Erica: Over and over we resist
any attempt to box us in,
to curtail our freedom.
We ask the question,
"why can't i?"
And when the answer
comes back,
we never
like what we hear.
♪
♪ It's clearer inside of me ♪
♪ Who I will always be ♪
♪ Open me up to my heart ♪
♪ Feels like I'm seeing
in the dark ♪
♪ Waking me up to my heart ♪
♪ To do it all over
again and again ♪
♪ Until the end ♪
♪ The sum of my dreams ♪
♪ And everything
I ever wanted to be ♪
(exhales)
(sighs)
I almost broke my neck.
Ethan:
What?
Your beanbag chair,
it attacked me.
Why is it in the middle
of the bedroom?
Ethan: Uh, 'cause it's not
in the living room.
Hey.
Oh, you look tired.
Thanks. I am.
Kinda hard to sleep
When your boyfriend
is mad at you.
Okay, here's
the thing, I--
I don't get your
friendship with Kai.
People in relationships--
Erica: What,
they can't be trusted
to be friends with someone
from the opposite sex?
Ethan: Look, get your
morning coffee from him,
talk to him
while you're waiting in line,
that's cool,
but anything else and--
Erica: Ethan,
I'm not Claire.
Exactly, because Claire would
pull that kind of shit on me
all the time.
Fine.
Thank you.
Erica: He didn't actually say
"you can't be friends with Kai,"
but clearly
what he meant was--
You can't be friends
with Kai.
But why?!
I mean, it's crazy.
Is she from
your mom's group?
No, no, I just see her
around sometimes
and her kid looks about
the same age as Max, so.
Well, you should go
introduce yourself.
You can swap,
I don't know,
sleeping pills
or notes,
or whatever
you new moms do.
I don't even know
her name.
Really?
I can fix that.
Oh, Erica, no!
No, no,
that's Weird.
Wow, you sound
like Ethan.
He's threatened,
and probably just
a little bit jealous,
that's all.
But why? I haven't done
anything wrong.
Judith, Kai...
Kai is just a friend.
I know, but it's--
It's just one of those things
you can't do.
Oh, come on.
I was friends with Ethan
for years
when he was married
to Claire.
Exactly.
And who's
Ethan with now?
So are we going
to goblins or what?
Actually,
I feel like a Starbucks.
(laughs)
all right.
Erica: So that is the resume
of Nicole Clarkson.
She has her masters in
couples and family therapy
from the University
of Guelph.
And I read this fascinating
article that she wrote
about how sex has gone
from a physical act
to a legal one.
Bah!
I'm bored,
where are we on titles?
Um, okay,
just spit-balling,
but I do have a few.
"let's talk about sex."
(singing quietly)
♪ Baby... ♪
'cause... um...
"hot under the collar."
"the we spot."
(laughs)
The last one
was a joke, right?
Um--
There is a "disconnect"
going on here, Erica,
between what you pitched,
what we want,
and what
you're presenting.
Yeah, in english,
it's a pile o' shite.
You came to us
with this fresh concept.
31 flavours of sex.
From vanilla
to tiger tail;
masturbation
to pony play.
We want a book
that's transgressive.
One that pushes
all the boundaries.
Yeah,
so stop being a prude
and make this
title more raw, Erica.
More basic,
more animal.
More, more--
Bang! Pow!
You got it right there,
right there.
Pow! Right there.
You see that look?
Pow! You see that?
That prudish look
is what's holding you back.
Erica: Okay,
what if I had, uh--
Meeri set me up
on an interview
with, like,
uh, a dominatrix?
Julianne: Delicious!
Erica: Good, great.
Erica: Maybe a madame?
Julianne: No, no, no.
I mean, "delicious"
the club.
The sex club.
Downtown,
where anything goes?
Friedken: Yeah, go there,
Erica, tonight.
Julianne: Broaden
your mind.
Find someone who lives
and breathes sex.
Absolutely.
I am on it, tonight.
Delicious.
I'm sorry I can't take you two
to the airport tonight.
Samantha: Erica, it's fine.
Work's work.
Well, going to a sex club
doesn't sound like work to me.
You better keep an eye
on this one, Ethan.
The last
thing you want
is for her to nibble on
some forbidden fruit.
(laughs)
Don't worry,
I'll be right beside her.
Josh: Still, I'd, uh,
keep her on a leash.
Samantha: Shh.
What?
It's a sex club.
So, Sam,
what part of London
are you gonna look
for a flat?
Samantha: Well,
it's a huge city
and there are some
really cute parts.
Josh: West end,
period.
Still, if Sam's gonna be
the one stuck at home--
The west end's great.
There's theatre,
stuff to do.
You know, for when
you come and visit.
Erica: Right.
So,
is everyone done?
Barbara: Yes, darling.
Erica: I'll take
your plates.
Erica:
Thank you, mom.
Barbara:
Thank you.
(snort of disgust)
Mmm.
All you need
is a french maid outfit.
I'm good, thanks.
You know,
London will be good for Sam.
Take her out of her
comfort zone.
I mean, uh,
she practically
lives here.
Maybe that's because
we're her family?
Josh: Uh-huh.
And I'm
her husband.
Come on, Erica, I know
you wanna say something.
Go ahead.
Go on,
go on, go on,
enlighten me
on my own marriage.
Put your nose where
it doesn't belong again.
Josh.
What?
Ethan:
Hey, Erica.
Your mom wants
this wrapped up.
Erica: Great. thank you.
Josh: Well, I'm ready for
dessert? Anybody else?
Barb, you want to satisfy
my sweet tooth or what?
(seething exhale)
Hey,
what's going on?
I swear that he's pushing
my buttons on purpose.
He's trying
to get me to react
so that I say
something I regret--
And it's
good you didn't.
Good?
You minded
your own business.
It was the
right thing to do.
Look,
let's get
outta here, okay?
Let's go home
and get ready for our big,
weird night out.
(sighing)
Okay, thanks.
("feel it" by jakalope plays)
♪ Now's the time
for you to let go ♪
♪ Of all your inhibitions ♪
♪ We can do this
one more time ♪
Uh, okay,
what the hell is that?
Erica: Trust me,
you don't wanna know.
Come on,
let's go do some research.
Okay.
♪ This is how it should be ♪
♪ Crawl over you ♪
♪ I'll dominate your destiny ♪
♪ I'll be your fav ♪
♪ I will be your fantasy ♪
♪ Let me ride to heaven ♪
♪ Let me feel the swelling ♪
♪ Oh let me concentrate ♪
♪ Oo-ooh, uh! ♪
♪ I can feel it ♪
♪ When I taste
like the wind I breathe ♪
♪ Crawling inside of me ♪
(gratified moaning)
Erica: So, wow,
10 years? Really?
Man: Yeah,
10 years this august.
Erica:
Congratulations.
And so,
I mean, all of this,
it doesn't cause a problem
in your marriage?
The reality is our marriage
is more open than most people's.
More open sexually
and emotionally.
Man: But I don't hide
anything from Gloria,
she doesn't
hide anything from me.
We're always completely
honest with each other.
Mm-hmm.
So I mean,
what can you be jealous of?
That you're having sex
with other people?
Sex is
completely natural.
All these rules
around it aren't.
And you don't think that
they're there for a reason?
Gimme a good reason.
I mean one that doesn't
involve religion or morals.
I just, I just don't think
I could do it.
There's only one way
to know for sure.
Hmm...
♪ You licked it until you
saw me roasted ♪
♪ The moment you break me ♪
♪ I'll say it simply ♪
♪ Shut up and listen ♪
Join in anytime.
Okay, let's go.
Erica: Ethan! Jeez!
Ethan: They wanted us
to have a foursome.
I've never even
had a threesome.
Oh, well,
they're overrated.
I'm joking.
Oh my god, you're really
freaked out, aren't you?
I just find this
all very weird.
♪ Words on the tip
of my tongue ♪
It doesn't turn you on?
♪ that's just for fun ♪
Erica: Not even
a little bit?
Ethan: What're you doing?
Being bad.
You've never wanted
to just be bad with me? Hm?
♪ Why don't you give up
this mission ♪
♪ Shut up ♪
♪ And look at me ♪
♪ I'm just a stranger ♪
♪ You left,
you think I'm just a stranger ♪
We have an audience.
Erica: Ethan,
we're in a sex club,
they've seen worse.
♪ Shut up ♪
Erica, really.
Ethan,
just kiss me, okay?
It's not a big deal.
Well, it is
to me, so--
Please, can we just,
can we just go?
Okay.
I'll get our jackets.
♪ Look at me
I'm just a stranger ♪
♪ Yeah, you know I'm filthy ♪
Dr. to--
oh my god!
Do you want me to
give you a hand there?
No, please, you just stay
right where you are.
What's the matter?
Erica: You're naked.
Dr. Tom: I am.
Why do you think that
bothers you so much?
I can honestly say,
that tonight has been one
of the weirdest nights
of my life.
Yeah? Well, please,
have a seat.
Bare your soul.
Uh ah--
Okay.
Let's see here,
okay.
I have never seen
people have sex live--
Before tonight.
And they just had it
all hanging out, you know?
Their kinks and their--
Bits and pieces
and--
Yep. and you didn't run away
screaming though,
did you?
All those conventions
and taboos
being broken
in one room.
Well, at first,
it was shocking and--
But then after awhile,
I don't know--
It-It
kinda seemed like--
"normal" is not
the right word,
but--
Like that couple.
They cheat on
each other all the time,
but they seem way happier
than my parents ever did.
Maybe they
have it right.
"nobody realizes
that some people
expend tremendous energy
merely to be normal."
Albert Camus.
Take Ethan.
We were kissing
and a couple people
stopped to watch
and it was
too much for him.
Yeah, well--
Maybe Ethan prefers to be
affectionate in private.
Or he's hung up
on the rules.
Like I can't be
friends with Kai.
Why should I have
to turn my back
on the only other
patient I know
because what,
he's a guy?
I mean, that's--
That's insane.
Right.
I'll tell you what,
let's do a little
experiment here.
It doesn't involve
you standing up?
Uh, no.
Today, this session is not
going to be about a regret.
No?
No.
Okay, so, from the moment
that you woke up
until right now
when you came through
that door,
I'm giving you
a day long do-over.
Okay?
Nothing will stick
and everything new
will be erased.
Really?
So everything
I do today,
it can be undone?
Well, not only can be,
it will be undone.
Except, of course,
for your memories.
So, just go back
and do whatever you want.
Rules be damned.
Go jump out
of a plane,
or gamble away
your life's savings.
Walk around naked?
Yeah. see,
now you got it.
You've spent all day today
being bound by the rules.
Well, why don't you try
going back
and reliving today
without any.
(beanbag chair rustles)
(light kick)
(beanbag chair rips)
(beanbag rustles)
(grunts,
liberated squeals)
(grunting)
oof!
(relieved exhale)
(water splatters in shower)
(toilet flushes,
Ethan grunts, startled)
Ethan:
Erica, what the hell?
We need to talk about
last night
and it can't wait.
Look, I know that
you don't want me
to be friends with Kai.
I never said that.
And I know that it's
because of claire
and how she cheated on you
and she hurt you.
But Ethan,
I'm not Claire.
(curtain rattles)
I know you're not
Claire, okay?
I'm sorry, you and Kai
as friends, it's--
It's what, it's weird
and unconventional?
I mean, maybe,
but why?
I don't know.
Look, Kai is a friend
and that friendship
will never get between us.
Okay.
Oh.
Look at you,
you're all clean.
That's too bad.
Why?
Oh, because--
Once I'm
done with you--
You're gonna have
to take a shower
all over again.
(exhales, stunned)
Wow.
Erica:
Woooo-ooo-ooo!
Judith: Oh my god.
Erica!
What the hell
has gotten into you?
Erica: Excuse me.
Judith: Erica.
Judith: Eri--
oh my god, I'm sorry.
Can you please
stop that? Now?
Erica:
No, I will not.
In fact,
I think you should join me.
Judith: I'm sorry,
she's just a bit happy today.
Good for you,
you made first contact.
Now go talk to her.
Erica, no.
Judith!
Hi, there.
I'm Erica
and this is Judith.
Hey.
What's your name?
Saadia.
It's a beautiful name.
(shocked gasp)
and your son, he's adorable.
What's his name?
Saadia:
Hasan.
How old is he?
Saadia:
Uh, six months last tuesday.
Yours looks about
the same age.
Judith: Yup, six months
next week.
Listen, it was really
lovely to meet you,
but I have to run.
Okay, um--
I'll call you later?!
I will see you later,
alligator! Yeah!
You charged me five bucks
for milk bubbles?!
It's no prob,
I'll make you another one.
Excuse me.
Hello.
I really can't talk
right now.
Have you ever seen
that movie "groundhog day"
with Bill Murray,
from the early '90s?
When I was five?
No.
He gets to live
a day over,
and it turns out
my therapist
is doing
the same for me.
Erica.
Whatever, Kai,
they're not
gonna remember.
Really?
You get to redo today?
Oh, no,
I am redoing today.
Everything I do
for the rest of the day
doesn't stick.
Man: Kid!
Kai: I'll just
be a sec.
All right,
so say I believe you
and your day really
is gonna be erased,
if I'm by your side?
Everything I do with you,
it's undone.
I mean, why do you think
I came here?
You're the only person
I know
that can truly
appreciate this.
Man: If I get
a ticket, okay,
it's coming right outta
this tip jar.
Erica: Yo, moby dick,
why don't you tone it down?
Excuse me?
You're 100 percent sure
your doc's not pulling your leg?
Oh, yeah.
And you wonder why
you're slinging coffee
at your age?
Now that's
a $5 dollar latte.
Erica:
So--
Are you ready, you
big rebel?
Kai: Oh, yeah,
I'm pretty much fired anyway.
Hello.
What kind of trouble
should we get into?
(car security beeps off)
Uh, what're do
you doing?
Kai: My favourite customer
left his keys on the counter.
Let's call it a tip.
Let's call it
"grand theft auto."
Forget it.
Erica, the first
rule of do-over-day
is there are no rules.
Uh--
I swear, if I spend the rest
of the day behind bars,
I'm never
gonna forgive you.
And I'll
never remember.
Hop in.
(excited squeal)
(revs engine)
♪ Oh, the boss is coming ♪
(wild screams)
Mercedes-benz.
Clk63 amg.
475 horse power,
0 to 100
in 4.7 seconds.
They do not make cars
like these any more.
Any more? This thing,
it looks brand new.
Look at you,
enjoying the perks of therapy.
It's not
all bad, huh?
I never said it was.
So then tell me
your doctor's name.
Oh, come on, Kai,
you're not gonna remember.
Fine,
it's doctor Fred.
(Erica's cell phone rings)
Oh great.
Look,
I'm late for work.
Last thing I need is to hear
my boss bitch me out.
So why don't you go
do the bitching?
Oh--
(chuckles)
Oh yeah.
Wooooooo!
(sucks her teeth)
Good morning.
A good boss
is a calm boss,
a good boss
is a calm boss.
Erica: Hellooooo!
Oh.
Julianne: Since when is coming
to work two hours late okay?
Who the hell
do you think you are?
Oprah?!
I was on Oprah once,
and, uh, Dr. Phil.
Where have you been,
Erica?
I have been with Kai,
my 22-year-old friend.
He can sing,
and as Meeri would say,
"he's righteous!"
What? What the hell
is going on with her?
In chapter five of
"the mystery of tomorrow,"
it states...
Wow, it's not even
published yet
and he's
quoting himself.
Your self-love,
it has no bounds, does it?
Julianne: Erica!
Erica: Julianne,
Let me "break it down"
for you.
This man is a dog.
He turns you
into a giggling idiot.
It is embarrassing
and you
can do better.
And you?!
Huhn!
You need to get
over yourself, seriously.
"The secret
of now" sucked!
Who--
Oh. I gotta run.
Hey, you.
Hi there.
Uh yes?
Um, I know that we've
never actually met,
but I've spent the last year
admiring your ass.
It's truly spectacular.
Um, I'm married.
Oh, totally.
I'm with someone too.
I was just wondering
if you'd mind if--
Wow.
Bye everyone.
See you tomorrow.
I think you're hot!
Kai:
You think I look hot?
Erica:
Totally smokin' hot!
I feel like the gayest cowboy
since brokeback mountain.
Thanks.
Hey, it wasn't my idea
to play "truth or dare."
Today of all days.
So, what's it gonna be,
partner?
Kai: Erica.
Erica: Truth or dare?
It's your turn.
Fine.
Truth.
Really?
Finally.
Why won't you talk to me
about your therapy?
'cause I did something
in my past
I wanna forget.
That's not really answering
my question.
I mean,
in my experience,
you can't just avoid
your regret.
If it's on the list,
the rule is...
You have to relive it.
What is it you're trying
to forget?
You don't get
two questions.
Okay,
no, no, no.
I'm not playing the game
anymore, Kai.
Just, I'm asking
you as a friend.
Someone died
because of me.
You know, Kai,
they're called regrets
for a reason.
No judgment here,
okay?
Okay, well,
you owe me now.
Truth or dare?
(laughs)
Dare.
All right, I dare you
to face a real fear;
do something
you always wanted to do,
but can't.
How fast do you think
a mercedes
could get us up
to North York?
Depends who's driving.
Erica:
Yeeeow!
Erica?
Barbara:
Honey, is that you?
(front door
squeaks shut)
Barbara:
Where were you?
Why didn't you call?!
Meeri said you
left work hours ago.
Uh, you know what?
Why don't you guys go sit down
and I'm just gonna grab
something to eat.
And I will promise to explain
everything to you.
Josh:
Oh good.
Erica:
Thanks.
(bottle cap clatters)
Nice work, Erica,
freaking Ethan
and Barb out.
Sam, too,
not that she showed it.
Mm. and how would you know
that Sam's upset?
Because I know Sam.
You know Sam.
We're married.
Oh yeah, you probably
blocked that out
since your maid of honour
speech was something like:
"Oh, dearest sister Sam,
please don't marry
that asshole Josh.
'cause he doesn't love you.
Hugs and kisses, Erica."
Right?
Well, you don't.
I know that.
Mom finally starting
to figure it out.
Deep down inside,
sam knows it too.
You don't know shit.
Look, Josh, I'm not here
to point fingers
or to attack you.
Really?
Yeah. but there is something
that I need to say.
Oh, I cannot wait
to hear this.
Dragging Sam
off to England,
it's not gonna
fix something
as broken
as your relationship.
"dragging" Sam?
She wants to go.
Are you sure?
Have you ever even asked her?
Because I think she's going
only for you.
This is none
of your business.
Actually, yes,
it is my business
because she's my sister.
And you, Josh,
I've known you, what?
Since you were 14?
You're 30 now
and you still
don't look happy.
I want my sister
to be happy.
So please, go and do
the right thing
for once in your life.
(inhales and exhales)
(relieved sigh)
Barbara:
Erica, something's wrong.
They've locked themselves
in Sam's bedroom.
Ethan:
What did you say to Josh?
The truth.
What we  should've
told him, them,
a long time ago.
(doorbell dings)
Mm. I'll get it.
It's the end of the world
as we know it.
Indeed. it is.
Hey, did you realize that
by the end of this century,
our planet will warm
by more than six degrees?
No. no, that's not
what I meant.
I meant in here.
Sam and Josh,
they're finally
having "the talk"
about
their relationship.
I did the thing
you're not supposed to do;
I meddled and--
Fingers crossed,
the logjam has burst.
"to succeed in life
you need two things:
ignorance
and confidence."
Mark Twain.
I'm tired of holding myself back
because of "rules."
Great.
From now on,
I'm gonna do and say
exactly what I want.
Good, good.
You only answer
to yourself in life, right?
You know,
every man for himself.
You know, right?
Uh no, that's not
exactly what I mean.
Listen, Erica,
do you think all those
suv drivers out there
stop and worry
about anybody else
as they're pumping tonnes
of carbon dioxide
into the atmosphere?
Hell no!
And they look happy, right?
You know, kinda.
You just go for
whatever you want,
you know,
when you want it
and everything else'll
just whatever--
It'll sort itself out.
Okay, I'll see you later.
Hey, enjoy.
(bedroom door closes)
it was uh,
It was no one.
I'll put the bags
in the car.
Honey, are you okay?
You think that
I'm making a mistake.
I'm following Josh,
that I'm too weak to
stand up for what I want.
Erica: We're just worried.
Samantha: Erica,
you are the last person
to tell anyone
how to live, okay?
Erica: Sam.
Samantha: No!
What makes
your life so perfect
that you can constantly
do this to me?
Erica's finally
got a real job
and a
real relationship,
and isn't she so wise now
that at the age of 32,
she can actually pay her rent
without anyone's help!
You are so arrogant.
You think that you can just say
anything that you want
to me, to Josh.
You are constantly
ripping apart all my decisions,
I want to
move to England.
I wanna get me and my husband
as far away as I can from you!
Erica:
Sam!
Erica: Josh, I--
Josh:
Would you shut up?
You don't give a
shit about me.
You never have.
Did you even think about
what this would do to Sam?
Ethan, I really don't
need a lecture--
Or did you
just plow ahead
and say, "Hey,
screw the consequences?"
I did this to help her.
Yeah, well,
clearly Sam doesn't need
or want your help.
Kai: Hey, Erica,
everything okay?
What is
he doing here?
Oh my god,
this is a nightmare.
Oh, I see.
You didn't go to work,
you didn't call,
you spent the day with him!
Ethan, really,
everything's cool.
Kai, please,
just don't.
Okay, Ethan,
I know what this looks like,
but that is not
what's happening, okay?
Kai and I,
Just friends, right?
No. yes.
We're just friends.
We're not even friends.
We're actually--
You're what?
What, Erica?
We're time-travellers.
And I know that
that sounds crazy,
but it's the truth,
okay?
Uh, look, last year,
I told you that
I went to the hospital
after I ate that hazelnut
frappa-thing, right?
Do you remember?
And then I met
this therapist and I--
I know
this sounds insane.
Insane? That you and Kai travel
through time together?
No, not together.
Separately.
Well, I am the last guy
to stand in the way
of that kind
of a friendship.
Ethan, please,
I am telling you the truth.
(ignition turns)
Ethan.
(exhales heavily)
(keys jangle,
engine shuts off)
(inhales shakily)
Look, Erica,
in a couple hours,
this'll all be erased.
What went down tonight
wasn't technically real.
Yeah?
Well, it felt pretty real.
I'm never gonna be able
to tell him about my therapy
am I?
Kai, you're the only person
I can talk to about this.
(cop siren beeps twice)
Cop: You in the mercedes,
step out of the car, please.
Oh shit!
(car doors shut)
(muddled chatter
over police radio)
♪
(giggles)
(laughing)
What?
Seriously,
the cop will hear you.
Erica: This is the weirdest
24 hours of my life.
We stole a car,
we're running away
from police.
I mean, who am I?!
None of it matters.
This is
your do-over day.
Today we get to do
whatever we want.
(laughs)
No.
I can't believe
I just did that.
No, I kissed you.
Why?
'cause I wanted to see
what it would be like.
And so did you.
♪ Lift your eyes
and let me in ♪
♪ 'cause, baby,
I'm an alien like you ♪
♪ Will you ever
wake at night ♪
♪ Realize the reason why
you knew me then ♪
♪ 'cause maybe
I'm an alien too ♪
♪ Will you ever
let me be an alien ♪
♪ With you ♪
Erica!
Look, Ethan,
I'm just gonna
go to bed, okay?
No. you do not get
to just walk out of this!
Do you know what you put me
and everyone through today?
I'm sorry.
Erica, please,
just talk to me, okay?
(exhales)
I can--
I can't.
Just be honest.
Tell me the truth.
What did you do today?
(searching for words)
Oh god.
I promise you that I'm done
being insensitive, okay?
And--
(exhales)
and selfish,
and-and just awful.
It's okay.
No, it's not okay.
Ethan, I hurt you
and I made you worry.
I love you.
So much.
I love you, too.
Uh--
What did you do?
Oh my god.
(Erica exhales,
front door closes)
Ethan.
♪ ...filthy ♪
♪ Shut up and listen ♪
♪ Why don't you give up
this mission ♪
♪ Shut up ♪
♪ And look at me ♪
Ethan:
Erica, I'm right here.
Erica:
Hey.
Are you okay?
Can you just
take me home?
Of course.
Ethan: Well, that was
an interesting night.
Ethan: Hey, listen,
I promise by tomorrow
I will have all
of that put away.
Erica: Oh, don't worry.
I'll help you.
We both live here now.
We do.
Look, can we talk?
About the weirdness
this morning?
No, that was
all my fault.
I let my issues with Claire
turn me into a crazy man.
You had a right.
No, I didn't.
Like you said,
you're not her.
You could never do
the things she did.
Hey.
Be friends
with whoever you want.
I trust you.
Mmm.
All right.
Where to begin?
(elevator bell dings)
Julianne:
it sends the wrong message.
Friedken: What?
That you have a killer figure?
Julianne:
Friedy--
(unintelligible chatter)
(clears throat)
There she is,
our little sex tourist.
Friedken: So, how'd it feel to
take a walk on the wild side?
Erica: Um--
Julianne: Uh oh!
I smell
"disappointment"
with a touch
of "desperation."
What gives?
I didn't find
any inspiration.
And I don't think
that I will.
Not with the direction
that we're taking the book.
You know what I think?
I think you're falling
into old habits, Erica.
You're a sexual luddite
and you've got hang-ups
and issues.
Erica: Okay, think what you
want, but here's the thing.
There's a reason 99.9 percent
of the population
doesn't walk around
dressed in leather harnesses,
and having group sex
or multiple partners.
Yeah, because they've got
hang-ups and issues.
You make a book that's aimed
specifically at the fringe,
that's all you're
gonna get buying it.
Okay, well,
what's your proposal then?
What I would like
is to see the book
fall somewhere
in the middle.
Yes, we'll make a nod
to the more "out there"
aspects of sexuality,
and our fantasies,
but I really feel that
you can't forget the core.
Just real people.
Because for the most part,
we prefer to keep
our fantasies
safely stowed
away in here.
Friedken: I tell you, if I went
to "delicious" tonight,
I'd come back.
(grunts)
with enough "juice"
to fill half a book.
That's interesting,
Friedy,
but Erica's editing
this book,
not you.
Follow this direction.
Find me
the right author.
But if you bring in
a piece of garbage--
There will be
a price to pay.
I got it.
(traffic rumbles by)
So, back in the
"real world" are we?
The look
on Ethan's face.
It keeps running on
repeat in my head.
Dr. Tom:
Yeah.
Hey,
well, technically,
it never actually
happened though, right?
But it did.
And you said that
I would live regret-free.
No, Erica.
I told you to live the day
as you wanted
and that nothing
would stick,
but it seems
that something has.
Something has
and I have no idea
what to do about it.
Everything has
a consequence, Erica.
Every action
has a reaction.
That's Isaac Newton,
right?
Well, I was kinda
paraphrasing him there,
but yeah.
And now you have
a choice here:
to do something
about your predicament
or to not do
something about it.
But regardless
of what road you choose,
there will still
be consequences.
'Cause there
always are.
Always.
Erica:
Consequences.
When we ask the question
"why can't I?"
They're right there,
staring us in the face;
the answers
we don't want to hear.
Hey, next time?
No experiments.
Just our regularly
scheduled therapy.
(mugs and utensils clank,
muddled chatter of patrons)
Kai: It's coming
right up.
Hey you.
Gimme a sec?
Enjoy.
So.
Yes?
It's been awhile.
Since?
Since we've hung out.
We've never actually
"hung out," Erica.
Yeah, no, I guess,
I guess we haven't.
(half laugh)
So where were you
this morning?
Avoiding me?
'Cause I blocked your efforts
to get inside my head?
Uh, not exactly.
Well,
I'll tell you what,
you treat a poor barista
to a fancy dinner,
I'll answer anything
you wanna know.
I can't.
Okay.
What did I do?
Nothing, honestly.
I just, um--
You know how you refused
to talk about your therapy
and Dr. Fred?
How did you know
my doctor's name is Fred?
I just do.
And I refuse to make
my boyfriend's life
a living hell.
Kai: Oh, so this
is about Ethan?
He's telling you who you can
and can't be friends with?
You're cool?
It's my decision.
Really?
Really.
I'll just see you
for your morning latte, then.